6/4/26, 11:18 PM Designer Program FAQs [BrickLink]
FAQs
Frequently Asked Questions
If your question was not answered in our FAQs below, please go to our Forum. Our team will be checking the Forum regularly to
answer questions. We will also continue to update this FAQ page based on popular topics that are brought up in the Forum.
If you need feedback or have specific questions about your design, please contact BDPsupport@lego.com.
Jump to topic
About the Program Collapse all

What is the new BrickLink Designer Program?
We announced the BrickLink Designer Program Series 1, a fresh opportunity for LEGO fans to continue submitting digital designs
to be realized as a BrickLink Designer Program set. All approved designs will have the opportunity to be crowdfunded with
preorders.

What are the key dates for each BDP Series?
You can find all key dates on the BrickLink Designer Program homepage.

How many of the sets in each Series will be realized?
Up to 5 designs will be chosen for crowdfunding. All designs that reach the 3,000 pre-order minimum threshold will be
produced.

What is the difference with the BrickLink Designer Program Series versus the original 2021 Invitational?
We share the background and what is different this time in our announcement post. Some key differences include:
2021 INVITATIONAL BDP SERIES
Invited existing 10k Club projects from An open invitation for anyone to submit designs that follow our Submission
LEGO IDEAS to compete to be Guidelines.
crowdfunded and produced.
Produced up to 10,000 of each set. Each model will be guaranteed production of up to 30,000 sets. If demand for
30,000 sets of a model is not reached, production capacity may be shifted to other
models within the Series. Models will not exceed production of more than 50,000
sets.
Required sets to compete against Will approve 5 sets for crowdfunding. Every one of those five sets that reaches the
each other to be the first 5 crowdfunding threshold will be produced as a limited edition BDP set.
crowdfunded.
Fan designers have a greater responsibility to mature their designs by following
each BDP Series Submission Guidelines.
All submissions must be made in BrickLink Studio, and the Studio files themselves
must meet certain requirements in how they are set up.

Why did the requirements change this time?
BrickLink Designer Program Series draws from what we learned during the 2021 Invitational; both from fan designers and internal
processes. We have adjusted the program accordingly.

What prompted the change from before, where you took LEGO IDEAS 10k Club projects to now where you are taking an
open submission?
We really want to promote digital building with BrickLink Studio. There is endless creativity when building virtually, and we know
that virtual building leads to physical building. In this way, we encourage new builds and new submissions. If you have a 10k Club
model, you are also welcome to submit it to the BrickLink Designer Program Series once you have adapted the model to follow
the Submission Guidelines and only use elements from the Series Palette.

Will there be geographical limitations to participating in BrickLink Designer Program Series?
BrickLink Designer Program is open to most participants. Users from Russia, Belarus, North Korea, Syria, China, Iran, Cuba, Libya
and Iraq are not eligible to participate as designers in BDP. You can only buy a BrickLink Designer Program set if you live in a
country where the LEGO Shop ships to. As LEGO.com expands its presence to more countries, so will BDP.

Are there any age limitations to designing for the BrickLink Designer Program?
You must be at least 18 years old to submit to the BrickLink Designer Program. The model builder themselves must also be at
least 18 years old.

What is the difference between a BrickLink Designer Program set and a standard LEGO set?
BrickLink Designer Program sets are designed by LEGO fans, for experienced builders. We're giving LEGO fans the opportunity to
be the Fan Designer of their own set from start to finish. Therefore we provide detailed Submission Guidelines.
LEGO sets from the standard assortment are designed by LEGO designers following our own extensive internal design processes.
This means the sets fans purchase will have a building experience much closer to how the fan designer originally intended it,
where LEGO IDEAS sets for instance are fan ideas re-imagined by LEGO designers. For this reason, BDP sets can be more
challenging as we do not apply LEGO design standards as rigorously to the design and the building instruction steps.

Will you be doing more BDP Series in the future? How often?
Yes. While we are not committing to exact timeframes, we do anticipate accepting submissions up to three times per year on a
rolling basis. This means while the previous series sets are in production, we may be accepting submissions for the next series.

Will you ever make old BDP sets available again?
BDP sets are manufactured in limited production runs and there are currently no plans to re-produce sets from previous iterations
of the program. Sometimes we end up with a small number of additional BDP sets at the end of our production process. The
number of available sets varies and consists of the limited quantity of cancelled orders and extra sets produced to replace lost
and damaged shipments. We can only make these extra sets available when all pre-orders have been fulfilled. Excess set sales
will occur roughly 3 months after orders are fulfilled for each market and may occur at different times for each region. Please
note that due to extended shipping times in APAC markets, excess set sales will occur later than EMEA/AMS markets.

What is the relationship between LEGO IDEAS and the BrickLink Designer Program?
LEGO IDEAS sets are fan ideas that are re-imagined and produced by LEGO designers through the standard retail assortment.
They follow the normal LEGO set lifecycle and can retire like any standard LEGO set. BDP sets, by contrast, are designed by fans
and produced in limited crowdfunded runs — they are not part of the standard retail assortment and do not retire in the same
way. If a set reached 10,000 supporters on LEGO Ideas but was NOT approved by LEGO, the designer may submit it to the
BrickLink Designer Program instead. This means some sets that fans associate with LEGO Ideas may actually have ended up as
BDP sets rather than standard IDEAS sets.
