New to the hobby, curious to find out when sets retire : r/lego
InsidiousCannoli
As the title says, im new to the Hobby. Well, I haven't build legos in about 27 years since i was /r/lego is about all things LEGO®.
8. Im very interested in the Lord of the Rings Lego sets. I would like to get the Rivendell set
along with the Barad-Dûr. However, both are expensive and I would like to wait to buy them so
i can pay a few things off. How can I find out when they retire sets? I haven't seen it on the
Lego website and I wasn't sure if any website/resource would have that information. Thank you

Brickeconomy.com is best - it estimates retirement dates with an over 80% accuracy
(LEGO never actually release this information as they only decide to retire a set 3-6
months ahead of time). I've used it loads and it's very accurate for bigger sets
especially. It has 10316 retiring in December 2026 and 10333 retiring in December
2027.

Thank you so much! That is really good to know that they dont release the
information when they retire them. I figured I wasn't looking at the right place.
Looks like I may have some time lol

Ye hopefully - keep your eye out on Brick Fanatics though, as this is where
information often gets reported first when they do decide to retire them. As I
said above, you should have 3-6 months warning, but the sets can get
desirable and hard to find in this period. I don't think they'll last much longer
than the Brickeconomy estimates even if they do last a long time though

There is a running Google doc that gets updated fairly frequently.

As Mean-Pizza6915 said, the spreadsheet linked in the Legoleak sub is the only
accurate source of information - some other sites use this info so may be correct but
most don't. That list is pulled directly from Lego's own data, so is the current accurate
expectation of retirement date for all sets. However they are reviewed by Lego
periodically but it's certain you'll get at least 6 months' notice of retirement by using
that list. SCAM?
Brickeconomy is garbage and should not be used for anything - it literally estimates
retirement dates based on trends in the theme, which makes it consistently wrong.
Brickset also doesn't use accurate retirement dates.
Currently Rivendell is due to retire at the end of 2026, Barad Dur at the end of 2027.

Brickset is the place to go. Every set has a part inventory, retail price, release date and
retirement day if known or suspected.

Rivendell was released on March 5, 2023, so it will retire sooner.

Barad-Dur was released on June 1, 2024, so it should be available for another two
years.

LEGO 10333 The Lord of the Rings: Barad-dûr | Brickset
Neither of these sets has a known retirement date listed. . .yet!

Not always. If rivendell is still selling, they can change the retirement date. It all
depends on performance of set. The LEGO Assembly Square modular outlasted
alot of modulars simply because it kept selling. A lego city camper van did too.
Usually city lasts for 6-9 months, I think that one did 2-3 years before being axed.